feat: [DOC-3323]: documentation for step group variables (#2254)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/utilities/step-groups.md

Enter a name for the step group.

> ## Step Group Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step group variables
```

Step group variables are custom variables you can add and refer in your Pipeline. They're available across the Pipeline.

> Variables of type String, Secret, or Number can be added in step group. Their values can be fixed value, runtime input, or expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables of type string, secret, or number can be added in step group. Their values can be fixed value, runtime input, or expression.
```

> You can refer step group variables within their step group using the expression `<+execution.steps.[step group id].variables.[variable name]>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer step group variables within the step group using the expression, `<+execution.steps.[step group id].variables.[variable name]>`.
```

You can refer step group variables outside their step group using the expression `<+pipeline.stages.[stage Id].spec.execution.steps.[step group id].variables.[variable name]>`.

> Note:- Execution input is not supported in Step group variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

Execution input is not supported for step group variables.

:::
```
